welcome to slash forward in this video
we're gonna chill out take it easy
tiptoe our way through a quiet place
whenever you're ready we start on day 89
of the something must been big though
because it looks like civilization is
gone
however the survivors have react limited
to their new lives we learned this by
watching our central family creeps
slowly and softly around this pharmacy
looking for supplies this youngster
skitters about and narrowly avoids
disaster thanks to his sister but he
never does think her for it even this
toy does nothing but make noise the
father lee carefully diffuses it like a
bomb he then gives a firm and definitive
explanation demonstrating his quality as
a parent they then head home on the sand
trails they made to mask their footfalls
as they approached the bridge they're
startled by a noise turns out bo brought
the toy anyway and since he's so special
he just freely does whatever he feels
like oh now I feel bad slightly more
than three hundred and eighty two days
later we see that life on the farm of
Solitude is back to post apocalyptic
normalcy as we pan through Lee's
workshop his clutter and disorganization
provides us some convenient exposition
we see them each working on side hobbies
and procedures that demonstrate they're
ready for any emergency most of the
family then spends their afternoon
building a soundproof bunker for their
future child / sibling while Lee
purchased the top the grain silo to
light off the evening beacon in
communication with his neighbors they
then enjoy a dinner of steamed Cod
fishy served in the softest most silent
manner possible we also see them praying
leading us to wonder what sort of
theological issues the confirmed
existence of extraterrestrials is
created in this new society oh well they
then play Monopoly almost always a
mistake but certainly more so in
quietude is necessary due to the
frequency with which the game erupts
into violence as we see when Regan
lights the joined on fire to avoid
paying property taxes they wait for the
other shoe to drop and get absolutely
[ __ ] on by raccoon the bastard bandits
of the woodland realm then the evening
is spent working on better cochlear
implants for Regan the next morning we
see that Evelyn has some medical skills
we then find Regan attempting to satisfy
her curiosity about the basement which
is a known nono Lee tries to smooth
things over with his most recent implant
but she remains a moody teen Marcus and
Lee head out for survival lessons while
Regan tries her new implant
no dice unfortunately she gets on a
nostalgia kick and packs up to go to her
brother's Memorial Lee and Marcus are
catching fish at the river when they
share a moment of respite where Lee
demonstrates they can relax their strict
noise standards when they're near a much
louder noise back at home Evelyn is
finishing her wifely duties when she
snacks a foreboding nail that really was
probably pretty dangerous even before
she pulled it to full attention the day
then proceeds with independent but
concurrent quiet reflections the
portents of doom continuously and his
son run across a despondent neighbor on
the way home
unable to withhold his despair he
unleashes a blood-curdling scream with
predictable results at that exact moment
Evelyn's water breaks which means she
only has 24 hours until the recommended
c-section she attempts to wait it out in
a safer place but gets Daniels turned
she flips the emergency lights on which
the boys come home to she's able to lay
down a distraction allowing her to get
to the upstairs tub while Lee has Marcus
implement the rocket protocol he manages
to get them set off just in time to
provide his mom with some relief well
you know what I mean the fireworks also
alert Regan so she heads home while Lee
clears the house with a shotgun and is
introduced to his new baby via jump
scare he manages to get them to the
soundproof chamber just in time and they
box that baby up in a brief intervening
scene we see that while the cochlear
implant doesn't help Regan here it does
put off some wicked feedback that seems
to cause the alien some distress in the
safe room we see that their efforts paid
off the
can't locate them now Lee is tasked with
leaving the nest to find the kids he
heads out without noticing a minor
plumbing malfunction the kids are
awaiting him at the beacon which goes
out before they attract any attention
Evelyn wakes up to find her baby box
floating with an alien in the room he
slides under the surface only to emerge
in synchronicity with her lifting the
baby she avoids contact as silently as
possible and is only saved when the kids
fall into the crane silo outside
creating a loud noise this was enough to
get Lee's attention which also means the
aliens are on their way
the kids are doing their best to free
themselves from the lightning sand and
barely avoid an alien evisceration due
to the cochlear feedback
they make it out and meet up with dad he
tries to protect them when they get cut
off on the way to the truck not having
put things together yet Regan turns off
her implant so it's party time for the
alien still smarting from his previous
bitch-slap Lisa's a final farewell and
makes the ultimate sacrifice as the kids
roll to the house upon arrival in the
basement the pieces finally come
together for Regan who amplifies the
feedback of her implant causing the
alien to get stressed out to the max
which opens its Armour plates and makes
its face venerable to a shotgun blast
then it appears playtime's over
and that was a quiet place I'd be
surprised if you haven't seen it but if
so correct that immediately it's full of
tension and atmosphere and is really an
excellent piece of filmmaking I'd love
for you to become part of the channel by
subscribing I hope you enjoyed the video
thanks for watching